Update for Issue 152 - Include development/testing in Landscape (#153)
cncf/tag-env-sustainability: website/content/about/SustainabilityUseCasesAndLandscape2023.md

These accelerators take significant amounts of power to run, more by an order of magnitude required from regular computer chips.
Additionally, some of the workloads on these clusters are not time-sensitive, for instance training sets of information, and some are time-sensitive, for instance inference jobs for recognition systems.

#### Software Development and Testing

> Usually, the primary focus of environmental sustainability is restricted to active services.  However, there is also a substantial footprint that can be attributed to the development and testing of the software these services rely on.

Reviewer: Can you define active services here?

This footprint may be weighted differently than the one of the services.
Some examples of these loads during software development are the individual hardware costs of the developers, the build servers for the software, and the various testing stages in the creation of services. 
Each of these stages is necessary for the development of software, but they do incur an environmental cost. These loads should be addressed in a way that makes sense for this area. 
For example, application testing may not need the same availability as production deployments. In the test environment, the positioning of the servers may be less critical, but there will still be speed developer efficiency that should be taken into consideration. 

> These test systems may still be large and long-run, but would seem to be an area of concern regarding sustainability optimization for the full system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These test systems may still be large and lengthy and have an impact regarding power and carbon optimization for the full system.
```

Additionally, some of the workloads on these clusters are not time-sensitive, for instance training sets of information, and some are time-sensitive, for instance inference jobs for recognition systems.

#### Software Development and Testing
While a concentration is made on the sustainability of active services used by consumers a major factor in the overall footprint of cloud
sustainability is in the development and testing of the software that these services use. 
The environmental footprint of the development of software has the same factors that effect it as actual services running but they may be weighted differently. 
Examples of the types of loads during software development are the individual hardware costs of the developers, the build servers for the software and the various testing stages in the creation of services. 
Each of these stages are necessary for the development of software but incur an environmental cost. The different loads can be addressed in different ways with flexibility that are different from the sector specific challenges that the software is being produced for. 

> Examples of this is that the testing of Telecoms software might not be as time critical as the production deployments and this gives different flexibility. While there can be some greater flexibility with the location of build servers there will still be speed constraints and developer efficiency is important. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, application testing may not need the same availability as production deployments. In the test environment, the positioning of the servers may be less critical, but there will still be speed developer efficiency that should be taken into consideration. 
```

Reviewer: Still outstanding, and open to rephrasing.

Reviewer: No update.  Conversation was just marked resolved, or am I missing something?

> The location and utilization of test systems which can be long running and large would seem to be an area of a lot of concern as they can sometimes be of the same order of magnitude as the active deployed systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These test systems may still be large and long-run, but would seem to be an area of concern regarding sustainability optimization for the full system.
```
